feat(portal): EqualWeb integration (#5673)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/dev-portal/equalweb.md

---

You can add the [EqualWeb](https://www.equalweb.com/) accessibility widget to your {{site.dev_portal}} to help meet your organization's accessibility requirements. 
After it's configured, the EqualWeb widget script will be injected into every page of your {{site.dev_portal}}.

## Get your EqualWeb site key

Before you configure the integration in {{site.konnect_short_name}}, you need your {{site.dev_portal}} domain and your EqualWeb site key.

1. In the {{site.konnect_short_name}} sidebar, expand **{{site.dev_portal}}**.
1. Click **Portals**.
1. Click your {{site.dev_portal}}.
1. Copy your {{site.dev_portal}} domain. This is the URL you'll register in EqualWeb.
1. In your EqualWeb account, click **Add new site**.
1. In the **Insert your domain** field, enter your {{site.dev_portal}} domain.
1. Click **Continue to customize design**.
1. Configure the widget design settings as needed.
1. Click **Continue to install widget**.
1. Click **Collapse** for your widget code. This will expand the widget configuration.
1. Copy your site key from the `get sitekey (){ return "79ad2e1..."}` field. For example: `79ad2e1ec52e63565e254555077aaaec`.

> 1. (Optional) If you configured the widget design, copy the configuration. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (Optional) If you configured the widget design, copy the configuration. For example:

```
Linebreak before a code block will fix the spacing issue. Right now it's really right up up against the text.

   "draggable": true,
   "btnStyle": {
       "vPosition": [
           "80%",
           "80%"
       ],
       "margin": [
           "0",
           "0"
       ],
       "scale": [
           "0.5",
           "0.5"
       ],
       "color": {
           "main": "#1c4bb6",
           "second": "#ffffff"
       },
       "icon": {
           "outline": false,
           "outlineColor": "#ffffff",
           "type": 1,
           "shape": "circle"
       }
   }
   ```
   {:.collapsible .no-copy-code}
  
   {:.info}
   > The configuration you copy won't be valid JSON. When you add it to the {{site.dev_portal}} integration configuration, you'll add `{}` to make it valid.

## Configure the EqualWeb integration

Configure the EqualWeb integration in your {{site.dev_portal}} settings.

1. In the {{site.konnect_short_name}} sidebar, expand **{{site.dev_portal}}**.
1. Click **Portals**.
1. Click your {{site.dev_portal}}.
1. Click the **Settings** tab.
1. Click the **Integrations** tab.
1. Click **EqualWeb**.
1. Click the **Enabled** toggle.
1. In the **Site key**, enter the site key from the EqualWeb widget you configured previously. For example: `79ad2e1ec52e63565e254555077aaaec`.

> 1. (Optional) If you configured the widget design in EqualWeb, click **Advanced configurations** and enter the JSON configuration in the configuration field with opening and closing brackets (`{}`). For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (Optional) If you configured the widget design in EqualWeb, click **Advanced configurations** and enter the JSON configuration in the configuration field with opening and closing brackets (`{}`). For example:

```

   ```json
   {
    "Position": "left",
    "Menulang": "EN",
    "draggable": true,
    ...
   } 
   ```

>    {:.collapsible .no-copy-code}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   {:.no-copy-code}
```
You don't need collapsible on the shortened one.

        In your {{site.dev_portal}} settings, click the **Integrations** tab and enable the EqualWeb integration. 
        Add your EqualWeb site key and widget configuration.
tags:
    - accessibility
prereqs:
  skip_product: true
  inline:
    - title: "{{site.dev_portal}}"
      include_content: prereqs/dev-portal-create-ui
      icon_url: /assets/icons/dev-portal.svg
    - title: EqualWeb
      content: |
        You need an [EqualWeb](https://www.equalweb.com/) account.
      icon_url: /assets/icons/third-party/equalwebicon.png
---

You can add the [EqualWeb](https://www.equalweb.com/) accessibility widget to your {{site.dev_portal}} to help meet your organization's accessibility requirements. 
After it's configured, the EqualWeb widget script will be injected into every page of your {{site.dev_portal}}.

## Get your EqualWeb site key

Before you configure the integration in {{site.konnect_short_name}}, you need your {{site.dev_portal}} domain and your EqualWeb site key.

1. In the {{site.konnect_short_name}} sidebar, expand **{{site.dev_portal}}**.
1. Click **Portals**.
1. Click your {{site.dev_portal}}.

> 1. Copy your {{site.dev_portal}} domain. This is the URL you'll register in EqualWeb. You can use either the default {{site.konnect_short_name}}-generated domain or your custom domain if you've configured one.

Reviewer 2: > You can use either the default Konnect-generated domain or your custom domain if you’ve configured one.

During testing, I found this to not actually be the case. It's a bug/"feature" on the EqualWeb side, but they don't seem to respect separate subdomains under the same domain. Recommend removing the note about using the Konnect-generated Portal.

(unless you tried this and it worked; maybe I did something incorrectly)

1. In your EqualWeb account, click **Add new site**.
1. In the **Insert your domain** field, enter your {{site.dev_portal}} domain.
1. Click **Continue to customize design**.
1. Configure the widget design settings as needed.
1. Click **Continue to install widget**.

> 1. Click **Collapse** for your widget code.

Reviewer 2: Maybe worth clarifying that the point of pressing "Collapse" is to _uncollapse_ the code sample and view the whole thing.

> 1. Copy your site key from the `get sitekey (){ return "1234..."}` field. For example: `79ad2e1ec52e63565e254555077aaaec`.

Reviewer 2: Maybe change `return "1234..."` to `return "79ad..."` for consistency with your full sample key.

1. (Optional) If you configured the widget design, copy the configuration. For example:
   ```json
   "Position": "left",
    "Menulang": "EN",
    "draggable": true,

>     "btnStyle": {

Author: This is how it is in EqualWeb, leaving it.

>    ```json
>    "Position": "left",
>     "Menulang": "EN",
>     "draggable": true,
>     "btnStyle": {
>         "vPosition": [
>             "80%",
>             "80%"
>         ],
>         "margin": [
>             "0",
>             "0"
>         ],
>         "scale": [
>             "0.5",
>             "0.5"
>         ],
>         "color": {
>             "main": "#1c4bb6",
>             "second": "#ffffff"
>         },
>         "icon": {
>             "outline": false,
>             "outlineColor": "#ffffff",
>             "type":  1 ,
>             "shape": "circle"
>         }
>     }
>    ```

Reviewer 3: Check me here, but I think you want this to be a valid JSON object?
```suggestion
  ```json
  {
    "Position": "left",
    "Menulang": "EN",
    "draggable": true,
    "btnStyle": {
        "vPosition": [
            "80%",
            "80%"
        ],
        "margin": [
            "0",
            "0"
        ],
        "scale": [
            "0.5",
            "0.5"
        ],
        "color": {
            "main": "#1c4bb6",
            "second": "#ffffff"
        },
        "icon": {
            "outline": false,
            "outlineColor": "#ffffff",
            "type":  1 ,
            "shape": "circle"
        }
    }
  }
  ```
```

Reviewer 2: These docs are written into two parts: the EqualWeb side, and the Konnect side. I think the idea here is that what you're _copying_ isn't JSON, but what you're _submitting_ will be. Agree this could be made a little clearer though.

Author: @adamdehaven Nathanael is correct, I wanted to show what users are seeing in EqualWeb here, so it isn't valid json.

Reviewer 3: Noted. FYI the original code block is still mis-indented
```suggestion
   ```json
    "Position": "left",
    "Menulang": "EN",
    "draggable": true,
    "btnStyle": {
        "vPosition": [
            "80%",
            "80%"
        ],
        "margin": [
            "0",
            "0"
        ],
        "scale": [
            "0.5",
            "0.5"
        ],
        "color": {
            "main": "#1c4bb6",
            "second": "#ffffff"
        },
        "icon": {
            "outline": false,
            "outlineColor": "#ffffff",
            "type":  1 ,
            "shape": "circle"
        }
    }
   ```
```

1. Copy your {{site.dev_portal}} domain. This is the URL you'll register in EqualWeb.
1. In your EqualWeb account, click **Add new site**.
1. In the **Insert your domain** field, enter your {{site.dev_portal}} domain.
1. Click **Continue to customize design**.
1. Configure the widget design settings as needed.
1. Click **Continue to install widget**.
1. Click **Collapse** for your widget code. This will expand the widget configuration.
1. Copy your site key from the `get sitekey (){ return "79ad2e1..."}` field. For example: `79ad2e1ec52e63565e254555077aaaec`.
1. (Optional) If you configured the widget design, copy the configuration. For example:
   ```json
   "Position": "left",
   "Menulang": "EN",
   "draggable": true,
   "btnStyle": {
       "vPosition": [
           "80%",
           "80%"
       ],
       "margin": [
           "0",
           "0"
       ],
       "scale": [
           "0.5",
           "0.5"
       ],
       "color": {
           "main": "#1c4bb6",
           "second": "#ffffff"
       },
       "icon": {
           "outline": false,
           "outlineColor": "#ffffff",
           "type": 1,
           "shape": "circle"
       }
   }
   ```

>    {:.collapsible}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   {:.collapsible .no-copy-code}
```
This example is only illustrative, right? I'd almost rather not have a full config example here; I'm not sure what purpose it serves, since we expect them to copy it from the UI and not from the docs.

Author: I wanted to put the full example since this is a section of the widget code, so they need to know exactly which section to copy and what parts they should omit.

>    This won't be valid JSON, but when you add it to the {{site.dev_portal}} integration configuration, you'll add `{}` to make it valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  
   {:.info}
   > The configuration you copy won't be valid JSON. When you add it to the {{site.dev_portal}} integration configuration, you'll add `{}` to make it valid.
```
Two things: putting this into a note so it's less ignorable, and a slight rephrase to make it clear that "this" refers to the config they're copying, and not the codeblock on the docs.

## Configure the EqualWeb integration

Configure the EqualWeb integration in your {{site.dev_portal}} settings.

1. In the {{site.konnect_short_name}} sidebar, expand **{{site.dev_portal}}**.
1. Click **Portals**.
1. Click your {{site.dev_portal}}.
1. Click the **Settings** tab.
1. Click the **Integrations** tab.
1. Click **EqualWeb**.
1. Click the **Enabled** toggle.
1. In the **Site key**, enter the site key from the EqualWeb widget you configured previously. For example: `79ad2e1ec52e63565e254555077aaaec`.
1. (Optional) If you configured the widget design in EqualWeb, click **Advanced configurations** and enter the JSON configuration in the configuration field with opening and closing brackets (`{}`). For example:

>    ```json

Reviewer: Again I'm not sure that this is helpful. The point is something like:

```
{
  "Position": "left",
  "Menulang": "EN",
  "draggable": true,
   ...
}
```
And you don't want people to copy the block in the docs, right?

   {
    "Position": "left",
    "Menulang": "EN",
    "draggable": true,
    "btnStyle": {
        "vPosition": [
            "80%",
            "80%"
        ],
        "margin": [
            "0",
            "0"
        ],
        "scale": [
            "0.5",
            "0.5"
        ],
        "color": {
            "main": "#1c4bb6",
            "second": "#ffffff"
        },
        "icon": {
            "outline": false,
            "outlineColor": "#ffffff",
            "type":  1 ,
            "shape": "circle"
        }
    }

>    }

Author: ```suggestion
   {
    "Position": "left",
    "Menulang": "EN",
    "draggable": true,
    ...
   } 
```

   ```

>    {:.collapsible}

Author: ```suggestion
   {:.collapsible .no-copy-code}
```

1. Click **Save**.

> You can also configure the EqualWeb integration using the {{site.konnect_short_name}} API by sending a `PUT` request to the `/portals/{portalId}/integrations` endpoint.

Reviewer: Can we add a link to the spec here?

> You can also configure the EqualWeb integration using the {{site.konnect_short_name}} API by sending a `PUT` request to the `/portals/{portalId}/integrations` endpoint.

Author: ```suggestion
You can also configure the EqualWeb integration using the {{site.konnect_short_name}} API by sending a `PUT` request to the [`/portals/{portalId}/integrations` endpoint](/api/konnect/portal-management/v3/#/operations/upsert-portal-integrations).
```
